rpc: Version the RPC APIs (#1412)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/1412-rpc-versioning.md

> - `[rpc]` The RPC API version is now reflected on the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[rpc]` The RPC API is now versioned, with all existing endpoints accessible
  via `/v1/*` as well as `/*`
```
